now before somebody gets married in
india they get a thorough
shall we say snooping sometimes without
even being aware of that
there are pre-matrimonial detective
agencies in india
that provide services of private
investigators
there are also spit inspectors these
people
also known as nuisance detectors catch
and give
fines to those who litter or spit in
public
one more profession you aren't likely to
meet anywhere else
is an ear cleaner so the process of
removing earwax requires some
traditional instruments
they don't use q-tips we're so used to
their instruments are called the steel
needle some cotton and a pincer
yikes the ear cleaner rolls some cotton
around the needle
so it looks like a q-tip and the clients
have their ears clean
ear cleaners usually can be found
somewhere in the city center
around monuments or at a local market
this profession is rare and
exotic in today's india but it used to
be quite common
in this country your dream may come true
and you'll get paid for sliding down a
water slide
the profession's called water slide
tester and these people have to control
if the slides are both safe and fun
usually these people work in various
hotels
and spend most of their time in planes
traveling from one resort to another
there's a village where locals have no
locks on doors
not a single house there has one even
public toilets have no
locks or doors only a curtain thank you
it might seem somewhat reckless but in
fact it's one of the safest places out
there
the locals lean a wooden stick against
the door just to keep the stray
dogs out of their houses the only police
station opened there only in
2015 and still there are no complaints
even the local bank has no luck it's
officially
the only bank in the world that's never
locked when the locals are out of town
they don't ask the neighbors to look
after their houses and they're not
afraid to leave valuables
money and jewelry without hiding them
vegetarian dishes are quite popular in
india between
15 and 30 percent of the whole country's
population
are vegetarian some people tend to eat
fish
only and never eat any land animals many
large food chains famous for yummy meat
dishes
even provide a whole new vegetarian menu
for india
cutlery isn't really required for many
traditional indian dishes
they say that mouth watering curry
tastes even better
if eaten with the fingers now i would
assume that you'd want to eat the finger
separately
but hey just thinking out loud here
there's also a wide range of crazy
traditional dishes
but there's one called okay let's just
put it on the screen
thanks it's made from potatoes which are
pretty common for indian food
the exotic part is that the potatoes in
the dish are actually
extra old even more they're rotten
and there's a bunch of traditional
spices it's just a side dish
you'll need to choose the main course
samosas are another traditional indian
dish made of potatoes
they're deep fried and look like
dumplings and they're both a side dish
and a main course now if you love sugar
don't forget to thank india for it it
was first extracted and refined there
about two thousand
five hundred years ago then the chinese
picked up the technique
and it spread all over the world another
thing you should be grateful to india
for is
shampoo the very first version was made
from dried herbs some extracts and water
soap berries and soap nuts were
widespread in india
so this component was a perfect match
for the shampoo formula
it's probably because of the right
shampoos that most indians have
absolutely stunning hair and cool
hairstyles
by the way in india it's possible to cut
clients hair with
fire it's not that widespread though
only one barber is said to do it
first they sprinkle the hair with some
flammable powder
then they light it up and literally set
the hair on fire
while the hair is burning the stylist
creates the right shape with the help of
two combs
he says the fire helps fix the hair
right he also claims to have at least 15
clients
each day who come to get this very cut
he sure makes it look like it's a singe
to do
if you like holidays india is the
destination for you
indians have about a thousand various
festivals and events
sometimes people even celebrate the
first hair cutting
or who knows hair burning all of the
local celebrations are totally worth
seeing
holy is the festival of colors and
people consider it to mark the beginning
of spring
it starts at the end of february and
finishes in march
it involves the famous powder throwing
so don't wear that brand new white shirt
to the festival
diwali is the celebration of lights that
last five
days people give gifts to each other
usually sweets
and light thousands of candles and oil
lamps no other country in the world has
that many celebrations
india holds a lot of world records too
the largest sundial in the world is
located in the town of jaipur
it's a tower 90 feet tall it's made of
polished stone and looks like an
architectural masterpiece
the shadow of this sundial moves at
about two and a half
inches per minute so you can see the
time literally moved there
another longest thing in india are nails
according to the guinness world records
the longest fingernails
ever belong to an indian man they're
almost as long as a london double-decker
bus
he got them off back in 2018 but before
the total length of all his fingernails
had reached 358 inches
there's also a record for the quantity
of movies produced per year
in 2018 1813 new movies were filmed in
india
the quantity is so impressive that if
you wanted to watch all the movies made
in the country in 2018
and you watched a movie per day you'd
still be watching them today in 2021
north sentinel island which is a part of
india
is probably the world's most remote
place since
nobody can visit it strangers aren't
welcome there
the locals are quite introverted and
would always reject
any contact from outside no ship is
allowed to come closer than five
nautical miles
and special people always patrol the
area it's one of the very few places in
the world that has no
modern civilization recently the
island's been open to the researchers
but tourists still can't visit it
several years ago two frogs got married
in one coastal town named
udipi it was done to encourage the
rainfall
it was too hot over 120 degrees
fahrenheit
both animals had unique outfits for this
occasion and the bride even had a tow
ring the two frogs were sent off on a
honeymoon to manapala
and were released there sadly each of
these guys had to go their own way a
couple of months later
because the locals had to stop the
downpour that started soon after their
wedding somehow
there are not four but six seasons
overall here
according to the north west and central
indian calendars
indian spring is in march and april next
comes summer
also known as hot season it starts in
may and finishes in june
it's also one of the marriage seasons
next comes
monsoon also known as rainy season it
starts after the summer solstice
usually in july and lasts throughout
august next comes fall
which spreads from late september to
mid-november
after fall they have a pre-winter or
simply cool season
the real winter or cold season starts in
january
and goes on until february in fact there
are many more other calendars in india
but all of them have six seasons with
slight differences
the statue of unity is actually twice as
tall as the statue of liberty
reaching 600 feet it was open to the
public only about two years ago back in
the statue consists of five parts but
only three of them are accessible to
visitors
the first part starts at the statue base
and finishes at the shins
this zone has three levels and includes
the exhibition area
a garden and a museum the second part
reaches up the statue's thighs
the third one has a viewing spot at a
height of 500 feet
the fourth part is the maintenance area
and visitors can't get there
finally the fifth one comprises the
shoulders and head
in the first 11 days after its opening
almost 130
000 tourists came to see this colossal
statue that's more than the population
of the capital of kansas topeka
apparently a whole lot of people showed
up topeka at this statue
yeah pun intended